we begin in Gaza City where Israeli
forces have fired at a crowd of
Palestinians who were waiting to collect
humanitarian
Aid it was the ninth day in a row that
there were reports of Israeli troops
firing at crowds in Gaza City
Palestinians had been gathering at the
Kuwaiti roundabout there desperate to
pick up food for their
families also the Palestinian relief
agency unra says that Israeli forces
opened fire on its trucks carrying
humanitarian aid for Northern Gaza it
released these pictures of trucks that
it says were hit by Naval gunboats
earlier on Monday it's unclear exactly
where the Convoy was during that attack
Aid agencies say that Israel has been
blocking Aid to the north of the
strip this morning it was not the first
time a un Convoy with the United Nations
was attacked it is the third time a
convoy belonging to unwa has been
exposed to attacks on its way way to the
North or when it's coming back from the
north and this is not acceptable
humanitarian convoys according to
International humanitarian law must be
protected from all parties to the
conflict also during
combat we can talk to Al shazir is hany
Mahmud now honey you're reporting from
Rafa in southern Gaza um you're hearing
and finding out about the latest strikes
overnight in gaza's second largest city
Han Yunis what have you
learned
yes good morning s in overnight attacks
in KH Unice the western part of the city
mainly in hammed residential compound
this is not the first time this
residential compound being targeted that
the initial uh weeks of attacks on KH
unit it was they were targeted heavily
at least four of the residential Towers
were completely leveled to the ground
but what happened overnight it seems
more of like a Target killing of uh of
in one of the apartments inside inside
one of the residential Towers in the
compound six people have been reported
killed there's one child among those who
were killed a woman as well what we were
told from a source on the ground this is
a displaced family and has been
Sheltering in the H in that apartment
since the beginning of the war they came
all the way from the northern part of
the Gaza Strip now what's really uh
devastating about this attack is the
fact that ambulance and civil defense
crew are unable to get to the site given
the intensity of the bombing and the
artillery Shing and the heavy presence
dense presence of attack drones in the
skies ofun main at the western part that
are shooting at every moving uh object
including people are trying to leave the
targeted areas into a safer ones and and
also on cars particularly on civil
defense Vehicles as well as ambulance
who are trying to get to the area to
save those who might have survive the
attacks and needs to get to uh the
hospital in Gaza similar situations are
taking pleased with reports of yes so
I'm so sorry to interrupt just so our
viewers may have noticed that there's a
slight delay um look I was going to ask
you about the footage that we opened the
show with of people in Gaza City who
were queuing for humanitarian Aid and
were fired upon it's not the first time
this happens what have you learned about
that
event yes we we're we're actually
looking at at least two weeks between
the first incident and what happened
yesterday as people Gather in large
groups on Salah Road near an area better
known as a Kuwait rounded about this is
that the edge of Gaza City before
getting into the central areas of the of
the strip where people Gathering group
waiting for uh humanitarian trucks to be
delivered uh to Gaza City and the
northern part they were fired at by tank
shells as well as heavy machine guns
many uh many people were critically
injured there also report of those who
could not make it to the hospital as
their injuries was was so critical they
lost their lives uh on the way at the
same time there was another Convoy of
humanitarian trucks passing through the
coastal Road that's the western part of
Gaza City Rashid Road where it was fired
at and based on a statement by Ona
that's United Nations for Palestinian
refugee this is not the first time its
own trucks and properties being attacked
or or shot at and not only looking at
trucks but also schools and evacuation
centers in Gaza and the northern part
managed and operated by o been under
heavy attacks all feed into uh the
Israeli plans of uh pushing Ona out of
of providing assistance and help to
Palestinians on the ground at these
difficult times yeah honey thank you
very much for that that's alir is honey
Mahmud reporting from Raa